Add step to install rust CLI in user guide (#8508)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/userguide/installation.rst

              snap install parsec_v3 --classic --channel=v3

   .. group-tab:: Linux CLI

      Parsec is also available as a command line interface (CLI) for Linux. It is a standalone binary that is provided in our GitHub releases.

      1. Download the CLI by following this link: `Parsec CLI v3.0.1-a.0 <https://github.com/Scille/parsec-cloud/releases/download/v3.0.1-a.0/parsec-cli_3.0.1-a.0_linux_x86_64>`_.

>       2. Allow the file to be executable
> 
>         .. code-block:: shell
> 
>             chmod +x parsec-cli_3.0.1-a.0_linux_x86_64

Reviewer: I would use the same terminology as above (appimage) just for consistency:
```suggestion
      2. Make the file executable

        - Right-click/Properties/Allow executing file as program
        - Or use the `chmod` command:
        
        .. code-block:: shell

            chmod +x parsec-cli_3.0.1-a.0_linux_x86_64
```
